fix(docs): 1/5 grammar in `book/` (#2213)
tact-lang/tact: docs/src/content/docs/book/assembly-functions.mdx

  That said, if you know what you're doing, they can offer you the smallest possible gas usage, the best performance, and the most control over [TVM][tvm] execution. Remember — with great power comes great responsibility.

:::

Assembly functions (or asm functions for short) are module-level functions that allow you to write Tact assembly. Unlike all other functions, their bodies consist only of [TVM instructions](#tvm) and some other primitives, and don't use any Tact [statements](/book/statements) or [expressions](/book/expressions).

```tact
// all assembly functions must start with the "asm" keyword
// ↓
   asm fun answer(): Int { 42 INT }
//                         ------
//                         Notice that the body contains only
//                         TVM instructions and some primitives,
//                         like numbers or bitstrings, which serve
//                         as arguments to the instructions
```

## TVM instructions {#tvm}

> In Tact, the term _TVM instruction_ refers to a command that is executed by the [TVM][tvm] during its runtime—the [compute phase](https://docs.ton.org/learn/tvm-instructions/tvm-overview#compute-phase). Where possible, Tact will try to optimize their use for you, but it won't define new ones or introduce extraneous syntax for their [pre-processing](https://docs.ton.org/v3/documentation/smart-contracts/fift/fift-and-tvm-assembly). Instead, it is recommended to combine the best of Tact and TVM instructions, as shown in the [`onchainSha256(){:tact}` example](#onchainsha256) near the end of this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Tact, the term _TVM instruction_ refers to a command that is executed by the [TVM][tvm] during its runtime — the [compute phase](https://docs.ton.org/learn/tvm-instructions/tvm-overview#compute-phase). Where possible, Tact will try to optimize their use for you, but it won't define new ones or introduce extraneous syntax for their [pre-processing](https://docs.ton.org/v3/documentation/smart-contracts/fift/fift-and-tvm-assembly). Instead, it is recommended to combine the best of Tact and TVM instructions, as shown in the [`onchainSha256(){:tact}` example](#onchainsha256) near the end of this page.
```

Each [TVM instruction][tvm-instructions], when converted to its binary representation, is an opcode (operation code) to be executed by the [TVM][tvm], plus some optional arguments written immediately after it. However, when writing instructions in `asm{:tact}` functions, the arguments, if any, are written before the instruction and are separated by spaces. This [reverse Polish notation (RPN)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Polish_notation) syntax is intended to show the stack-based nature of the [TVM][tvm].

> For example, the [`DROP2`](https://docs.ton.org/v3/documentation/tvm/instructions#5B) or its alias [`2DROP`](https://docs.ton.org/v3/documentation/tvm/instructions#5B), which drop (discard) two top values from the stack, have the same opcode prefix—`0x5B`, or `1011011` in binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the [`DROP2`](https://docs.ton.org/v3/documentation/tvm/instructions#5B) or its alias [`2DROP`](https://docs.ton.org/v3/documentation/tvm/instructions#5B), which drop (discard) two top values from the stack, have the same opcode prefix — `0x5B`, or `1011011` in binary.
```

}

fun showcase() {
    takeSecond(5, 10); // 10, i.e., b
}
```

:::caution

  Attempts to access an empty stack register, i.e., one with no value at the time of access, throw an exception with [exit code 2](/book/exit-codes#2): `Stack underflow`.

  For more about stack limits, see: [Limitations](#limitations).

:::

## Arrangements {#arrangements}

> Often, it's useful to change the order of arguments pushed onto the stack or the order of return values without referring to stack registers in the body. You can do this with `asm{:tact}` arrangements. With them, the evaluation flow of the assembly function can be thought of in these 5 steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often, it's useful to change the order of arguments pushed onto the stack or the order of return values without referring to stack registers in the body. You can do this with `asm{:tact}` arrangements.

Considering arrangements, the evaluation flow of the assembly function can be thought of in these 5 steps:
```

3. The function body, consisting of [TVM instructions][tvm-instructions] and primitives, is executed.
4. If a result arrangement is present, resulting values are reordered on the stack.
5. The resulting values are captured (partially or fully) by the return type of the function.

The argument arrangement has the syntax `asm(arg2 arg1)`, where `arg1` and `arg2` are some arguments of the function arranged in the order we want to push them onto the stack: `arg1` will be pushed first and placed at the bottom of the stack, while `arg2` will be pushed last and placed at the top of the stack. Arrangements are not limited to two arguments and operate on all parameters of the function. If there are any parameters of arbitrary [Struct][struct] types, their arrangement is done prior to their flattening.

```tact
// Changing the order of arguments to match the STDICT signature:
// `c` will be pushed first and placed at the bottom of the stack,
// while `self` will be pushed last and placed at the top of the stack
asm(c self) extends fun asmStoreDict(self: Builder, c: Cell?): Builder { STDICT }
```

> The return arrangement has the syntax `asm(-> 1 0)`, where 1 and 0 represent a left-to-right reordering of [stack registers](#stack-registers) `s1` and `s0`, respectively. The contents of `s1` will be at the top of the stack, followed by the contents of `s0`. Arrangements are not limited to two return values and operate on captured values. If an arbitrary [Struct][struct] is specified as the return type, the arrangement is made concerning its fields, mapping values on the stack to the recursively flattened [Struct][struct].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return arrangement has the syntax `asm(-> 1 0)`, where 1 and 0 represent a left-to-right reordering of [stack registers](#stack-registers) `s1` and `s0`, respectively. The contents of `s1` will be at the top of the stack, followed by the contents of `s0`. Arrangements are not limited to two return values and operate on captured values.

If an arbitrary [struct][struct] is specified as the return type, the arrangement is made concerning its fields, mapping values on the stack to the recursively flattened [struct][struct].
```

}
```

> Note that arrangements do not drop or discard any values—they only manipulate the order of arguments and return values as declared. This means, for example, that an arrangement cannot access values from the stack that are not captured by the return type of the assembly function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arrangements do not drop or discard any values — they only manipulate the order of arguments and return values as declared. This means, for example, that an arrangement cannot access values from the stack that are not captured by the return type of the assembly function.
```

struct Hash512 { h1: Int; h2: Int }
```

While it is said that these sample `keccak256(){:tact}` and `keccak512(){:tact}` functions use an Ethereum-compatible implementation, note that the underlying `HASHEXT` family of [TVM][tvm] instructions has its own drawbacks.

> These drawbacks stem from the limitations of the [`Slice{:tact}`][slice] type itself — `HASHEXT_KECCAK256` and other hashing instructions of the `HASHEXT` family ignore any references present in the passed slice(s); i.e., only up to 1023 bits of its data are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These drawbacks stem from the limitations of the [`Slice{:tact}`][slice] type itself — `HASHEXT_KECCAK256` and other hashing instructions of the `HASHEXT` family ignore any references present in the passed slice(s). That is, only up to 1023 bits of their data are used.
```
